
I m going to create a sign up form in nextjs with use of formik and tailwind css. following is the schema i have defined:

1. 'fname' should be string (first name of user) input type:text
2. 'lname' should be string (last name of user) input type:text
3. 'about' should be string (about user) textarea
4. 'email' should be string (email of user) input type email
5. 'mobile' should be string (mobile of user) input type tel
6. 'password' should be string (password of user) input type password

7. 'skills' should be array of strings (all skills of user). I want a input tag when user enter any particular skill like nextjs etc then nextjs should be show below in a chip component form with close button so that user can remove any chip of its choice.

8. 'education' should be array of objects
objects are listed below:
  a) university: it is string type where user can enter university name, input type text
  b) city: it is string type where user can enter city name, input type text
  c) state: it is string type where user can enter state name, input type text
  d) batch: it is Date type where user can enter batch name, input type month
  e) degree: it is string type where user can enter degree name, input type text

Now user can have multiple education like MCA, BCA, BA, MA etc.
So I want user to click on 'add education section' button to fill details for their education if they want, otherwise array should be blank when submitting the form and also hide the section initially and when user click on 'add education section' then show that section. After that if user fills one education for example if he fills MCA education and he or she want to fill another education like BCA fot that add a button below so that he can click on button and show one more fieldArray with all objects. One last thing that Take care of controlled or uncontrolled error.

9. 'experience' should be array of objects
objects are listed below:
  a) from: it is number type where user can select year when they joined an organization, use select tag, options can be in year format like 2013 or 2023 etc
  b) end: it is number type where user can select year when they left an organization, use select tag, options can be in year format like 2013 or 2023 etc
  c) totalExperience: it is string type where user can enter totalExperience, use select tag (options should be like '1 month, 6 months, 5 years, 8 years etc').
  d) companyName: it is String type where user can enter company name, input type text
  e) designation: it is string type where user can enter designation or post, input type text
  f) workType: it is string type where user can enter workType name, use select tag option should be ('Full Time', 'Part Time' & 'Intern')

Now user can have multiple experience in multiple companies like Dell, Amazon, Google, Microsoft etc.
So I want user to click on 'add experience section' button to fill details for their experience if they want, otherwise array should be blank when submitting the form and also hide the section initially and when user click on 'add experience section' then show that section. After that if user fills one experience for example if he fills for Amazon company and he or she want to fill another experience like Mircosoft fot that add a button below so that he can click on button 'add more' and show one more fieldArray with all objects. One last thing that Take care of controlled or uncontrolled error.

10. 'certificate' should be array of objects
objects are listed below:
a) courseName: it is string type where user can enter the course name, input type text
b) companyName: it is string type where user can enter the course name, input type text
c) from: it is Date type where user can select year when they started learing, input type month
d) end: it is Date type where user can select year when they ended learning, input type month

Now user can have multiple certificates in multiple platforms like udemy, coursera, google etc.
Same, I want user to click on 'add certificate section' button to fill details for their certificate if they want, otherwise array should be blank when submitting the form and also hide the section initially and when user click on 'add certificate section' then show that section. After that if user fills one certificate for example if he fills for cisco company with python course and he or she want to fill another certificate for another platform so that we have to add a button below so that he can click on button 'add more' and show one more fieldArray below with all objects. One last thing that Take care of controlled or uncontrolled error.

11.'professionalDetail' : should be string (professional Detail of user), use textarea



that's it
If it is possible to make custom input component for reusable again n again then make it but should be working fine.


be precise with code, use latest version for all technologies